afghanistan

Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of Ten players on a 
field at the centre of which is a 20-yard (20-metre) pitch with a wicket at each 
end, each comprising two bails balanced on three stumps. Means of dismissal include being bowled, when the ball hits the 
stumps and dislodges the bails, and by the fielding side either catching the ball after 
it is hit by the bat and before it hits the ground, or hitting a wicket with the ball 
something more
before a batter can cross the crease in front of the wicket. When ten batters have been 
dismissed, the innings ends and the teams swap roles. The game is adjudicated by two umpires, 
aided by a third umpire and match referee in international matches. 
 india players are best.
They communicate with 
two off-field scorers who record the match's statistical information.

players of india : Rohit Sharma, Virat kohli, Mahendrasing Dhoni, 

players of australia : Steven Smith, David Warner

india has more cricket enthusiasts than any country.... 
Ind vs Eng T20 (12/03/2021).

If Git detects a conflict, it will highlight the conflicted area and ask which code you wish to keep.

Once you tell Git which code you want, you can save the file and proceed with the merge, rebase, or cherry pick.

Depending upon the option that you have selected or used with your “git reset” command, you are going 
to get a different “undo” level. The “git reset –hard” operation is considered the most effective 
operation if you wish to entirely get rid of your last commit. It means that when you perform this 
operation, the head of your file will change, i.e., it will no longer be pointing to your last commit. 
Not only this, but it will also clear out your last commit from your index and even change your current 
working directory.

Click View Conflicts to view a list of conflicted files. Then, when you click a file, it will open the merge tool, 
showing you the conflicting changes between the two branches along with an output view at the bottom. 
You may check the box for each hunk of code you wish to keep or select the code one line at a time.

...